my name is Gabe I'm a senior at UNCC
Chapel Hill and right now I'm on my way
to the people's graduation an
alternative graduation ceremony for me
and other seniors who have been
suspended from the University for
protesting the genocide in Gaza and
cannot attend our real graduation I'm
here at the peace and Justice Plaza in
Chapel Hill I'm really happy to have
been able to have this graduation do
this ceremony with uh my comrades you
know the the people I really trust the
people I was arrested next to um we've
been suspended by the university we've
been barred from taking our exams from
graduating barred from campus and so
this was our way of celebrating our own
accomplishments of celebrating our own
graduation as far as I'm concerned I
graduated when I was arrested by this
University for protesting genocide
solidarity means we must keep doing what
we're doing here today this University
is trying to silence Us by barring us
from our own graduation by barrowing us
from campus but we're not going to have
it we have built our own community we
built our own institutions we built our
own graduation we're not going to let
them silence Us in fact the more they
try the louder we're going to be I'm
lucky enough to have the support of my
parents in this they came down to see me
but my mother is worried sick about my
safety about my diploma she went back to
work to put me through school and to see
it threatened by the university for
standing up against Injustice is uh is
very hard on her
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer